"DELTA SIX" BACKGROUND
-----------------------------

Most Opioid & Human trafficking (since WWII) has been conducted by rogue/corrupt/ex admirals in US NAVY's "Pacific Command". (such as Adm. John S. McCain II)

"DELTA SIX" (aka "D6," aka "Freemasons") is a shadowy global syndicate that effectively operates as a "DARK CIA". Similar to the CIA, it is technically part of the State Dept. But unlike the CIA, it is completely off-book, and isn't subject to any congressional oversight whatsoever, so it operates with virtual impunity on a massive global scale. 

Throughout it's history, D6 has used opium and human trafficking to fund it's wide range of secret clandestine operations - ranging from illegal arms dealing, to violent PsyOps, to political assassinations. D6 began when the United States took over the world's Opium Production/Human Trafficking industry from British during WWII. 

D6 has it's tentacles spread throughout many powerful national governments, militaries, media & telecom companies, hedgefunds (like Bridgewater, Cerberus, Madoff & Soros), etc. It also (directly & indirectly) controls vast armies of both left-wing AND right-wing extremist Parties / Movements / NGOs. (i.e. ISIS, Al-Qaeda, AQIM, AQAP, Taliban, LRA, Abu Sayyaf, Hamas, MoveOn.org, NPR, FactCheck.org, KKK, Open Society Foundation (and affiliated political parties worldwide), FARC, Media Matters for America, Snopes, Politifact,  Boko Haram, Al-Shaabab, NXIVM, Jewish Voice, Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, Cheney Foundation, Ford Foundation, Rothschild Foundation(s), American Bridge PAC, Heritage Foundation, Sandler Foundation, ANC [S.A.], Golden Dawn, IRA, SPLC, WHCA, Medellin Cartel, CAIR, Carter Center, Weather Underground, Podesta Group, ANTIFA, McCain Institute, Bush Institute, Clinton Global Initiative, Obama Foundation, Center for American Progress, Black Lives Matter, INCELs, etc.)

GENERAL MODUS OPERANDI OF D6: Addict colonized populations to opium. Then sow/cultivate hateful conquesting pathologies amongst various ethnic factions in order to centralize and maximize power/control (divide and conquer). Usually takes the form of aggressive identity politics, and/or virulent religious extremism.



"ILLUMINATI" CONSPIRACY THEORY
------------------------------

Most Sonoran Narcos genuinely believe in the "illuminati" aka "New World Order." And for good reason. What they don’t realize is that:

Freemasons = French/British/American/Secular Clandestine Ops
Templars   = Spanish/Portuguese/Catholic Clandestine Ops

Contrary to popular opinion, there is no actual illuminati, just a brutal (clandestine) power struggle that can be traced back to the days of the "Pirates of the Caribbean."